welcome i am king slim frames for
draw good dot hello
what to do in this video you will see the
application of lessons learned
in the four previous videos of your
first steps in photoshop called in
the youtube channel draw with photoshop
in five minutes with which you will learn
from scratch to draw with the program
adobe
Now you can see the normal process that
I continue with some of my drawings in this
I wanted to redesign the helmet of the
master jean or master gym of the game
league of legends known also as
LOL
once I have the sketch that to me
like under the opacity of that layer and
created a new one over and there I proceed to
review and correct the drawing to
leave it as I like it in this case
I used the brush that you can
download in the post your first
Photoshop steps like mixing colors
drawing is an organic process so
the pattern is mutating, changing from
the origin to the end and it's changing
some parts of your designs
when I'm already satisfied with the line
we turn to color
this time I have tried the drawing
as if it were a scan I have
collapsed with a white background so that
see how applying to that layer a way
of fusion multiply the white background or
disappears and I can work
perfectly with her
then happened to color normally would go
plugging the line with the color up
treat it as if it were a painting at
oil or an acrylic but in this case
for the example I will use a line up to
final as if it were a comic type drawing
remember to put the layer in mode
multiply if not the fund will not be made
transparent
well now I want you to review the
basic concepts that you have to remember from
the previous videos
have in the photoshop interface the
windows browser history and especially
the window layers
use keyboard shortcuts to navigate
above the image the space bar
to move and control + bar
space for zoom to remember
all these essential shortcuts and
some more visit in drawing well
puntocom the entrance the 23 shortcuts of the day
vinci 2.0 there you have all the information
you need about keyboard shortcuts
to draw
constantly use the brush and rubber
to erase with the selected brush
press alt to select different
colors that you have in the palette or in the
rest of the drawing
and alt + right button and dragging the
stylus from left to right or from
up to down to change the size and
the hardness or opacity of the cursor
remember that keyboard shortcut is
shared for the brush and the rubber
delete
notice that during the video to
get some metallic glitters what
What I have done is select the brush
airbrush with noise that you can
download on my website and make a pass
global for the metal part in question
and then delete with the same type of
brush to simulate the brightness
metallic
plays with the opacity continuously in
the brush to get some good
transitions in addition to using the brushes
airbrush type that you can download
in the post your first steps in
photoshop tools brush and rubber
delete there I left a link for you
download an airbrush with noise that goes
great is the one that I used in 80%
of this drawing
manufactures tea in a separate layer a palette
with the basic colors that you will use and make
your mixes and so you will save time and
you will work as it is traditionally done
see collapsing the layers as you
work using the brush without
worry about the edges or other erase
what's left of the pigment and once
satisfied collapsed so you will avoid a
amount of absurd layers and
disorganized that in the end will not do more
that bother creates a new layer and follows
working there when you're satisfied
it collapses again and so the
process again and again and do not forget to go
saving your work every so often
to avoid unpleasant surprises
you already have all the basic tools
and you've seen how I do it I repeat this
process over and over again until you master it and
Once controlled, adapt it to your
way to work and do your thing
add your personal touch
if you observe constantly I use the
same process in a pinto layer
indiscriminately and erased with a rubber band
of hard edge or with an edge
softened the airbrush with noise by
example what interests me and so one and
again I'm collapsing and I 'm going
building little by little the colors and
the lights of the drawing in question
the brightness and the trimming lights will be
the last detail for our drawing a
little smoke or background will help integrate
image and give a little more
realistic feeling
Now comes the good I have prepared a
exercise so that you can yourself
color this same drawing download it in
the entrance your first steps in
photoshop practical application in
www.dipujaen.es starts working
you have finished the introduction cycle
to the drawing with photoshop following these
tips and hard work you can get
wherever you want
thanks for drawing well or what